Document super initializer parameters in the language tour (#4023)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/language-tour.md

<?code-excerpt "misc/lib/language_tour/classes/super_initializer_parameters.dart (positional)" plaster="none"?>
```dart
class Vector2d {
  final double x;
  final double y;

  Vector2d(this.x, this.y);
}

class Vector3d extends Vector2d {
  final double z;

  // Forward the x and y parameters to the default super constructor like:
  // Vector3d(final double x, final double y, this.z) : super(x, y);
  Vector3d(super.x, super.y, this.z);
}
```

Super-initializer parameters cannot be positional 
if the super-constructor invocation already has positional arguments,
but they can always be named:

<?code-excerpt "misc/lib/language_tour/classes/super_initializer_parameters.dart (named)" plaster="none"?>
```dart
class Vector2d {
  // ...

  Vector2d.named({required this.x, required this.y});
}

class Vector3d extends Vector2d {
  // ...

  // Forward the y parameter to the named super constructor like:
  // Vector3d.yzPlane({required double y, required this.z})
  //       : super.named(x: 0, y: y);
  Vector3d.yzPlane({required super.y, required this.z}) : super.named(x: 0);
}
```

{{site.alert.version-note}}
  Super-initializer parameters were introduced in Dart 2.17.

>   In previous releases, you must manually pass in the super parameters

Reviewer: The tenses here feel awkward

Author: You're right and I also noticed I didn't mention language version here. Thanks!

I've adjusted the note to better match others in the language tour and I believe made this more clear. Let me know what you think now :)

Reviewer: The updated text looks good to me =)

  example, arguments can call static methods but not instance methods.
{{site.alert.end}}

<a name="super-parameters"></a>

> To avoid having to manually pass each parameter
> into the super invocation of a non-redirecting constructor,
> you can use super-initializer parameters to forward parameters
> to the specified or default superclass constructor. 
> Super-initializer parameters have similar syntax and semantics to
> [initializing formal parameters](#initializing-formal-parameters):

Reviewer 2: My understanding is that super parameters can't be when the *current* constructor is a redirecting constructor, but when I read this I'm not sure we're talking about the superclass's constructor. 

I think it might be better to say this:

```suggestion
To avoid having to manually pass each parameter
into the super invocation of a constructor,
you can use super-initializer parameters to forward parameters
to the specified or default superclass constructor.
This feature can't be used with redirecting constructors.
Super-initializer parameters have similar syntax and semantics to
[initializing formal parameters](#initializing-formal-parameters):
```

For example, this is allowed:

```dart
class Vector2d {
  final double x;
  final double y;
  Vector2d(double x, double y) : this._(x,y); // redirecting constructor
  Vector2d._(this.x, this.y);
}

class Vector3d extends Vector2d {
  final double z;
  Vector3d(super.x, super.y, this.z);
}
```

Reviewer 3: +1

Author: Looks good to me, thanks for clearing this up :)
